Feat: Extra field wrapper attributes (#12782)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/infolists/docs/03-entries/01-getting-started.md

These get merged onto the outer `<div>` element of each entry in that entry.

> Passing extra HTML attributes to the entry wrapper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass extra HTML attributes to the entry wrapper which surrounds the label, entry, and any other text:
```
